
   Shrink v1.2 (C) Copyright 1989 by R. P. Byrne

   The Shrink program included in this package is a Turbo Pascal (v5.0)
   implementation of a ZIP archive maker.  The archives produced by the
   Shrink program are compatible with those created by PKWare's PKZIP
   program.

   At this time, only two of the six compression methods used by PKZIP have
   been implemented.  Input files are compressed using the "shrinking"
   method.  If shrinking does not produce a file smaller than the original,
   the input file will be "stored" into the ZIP archive with no compression
   applied.

   The syntax for the Shrink program is:

      Shrink [d:][\path\]zipname[.zip] [[d:][\path\]filespec [...]]

   where 'zipname' is the name of the ZIP file to be created, and
   'filespec' epresents a DOS file specification (wildcards are allowed)
   limiting the files to be included in the archive.

   The only command line parameter that is required is the name of the ZIP
   file to be processed.  If no filename extension is supplied, '.ZIP' is
   assumed.  If no outpath is specified, the current drive/subdirectory
   will be used.  If no filespec(s) are entered, '*.*' will be assumed.

   Examples:

      *  Create a ZIP archive called OneFile.Zip that contains all '.pas'
         files in the subdirectory e:\work:

                     Shrink OneFile.Zip e:\work\*.pas

      *  Create a ZIP archive called OneFile.Zip that contains all files in
         the current subdirectory:

                              Shrink OneFile

컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

                               LICENSE

컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

     The SHRINK source and binaries ("software") are copyrighted. However,
I am distributing this software for free and you are licensed to use this
software without any charge.

     Redistribution of this software is encouraged.  Please do share it
with your friends, upload it to bulletin board systems, etc.  However, as I
am making this software available for free, you must do the same. You are
not permitted by this license to request or accept any remuneration of any
kind for this software.  This prohibition extends to including my software
with any other product or service for which money is charged.

     The only exceptions to this "don't charge for what I'm giving away for
free" restriction are as follows:

     (1) Bulletin board systems or other electronic information services
are permitted to make this software available for download and charge their
customary fees, if any, for access to the service.

     (2) Users groups and other not-for-profit organizations that
distribute this software may charge a reasonable fee to cover duplication
and related costs.

     (3) There may be other situations not covered by this license where
some charge for distribution would be appropriate.  Contact me and we'll
talk about it.  But, this license does not authorize any such distribution
without express, written permission from me in advance.

     You may distribute modified copies of my source and resulting
executables (including programs derived from mine in other languages or for
other operating systems) so long as you do so for free and pursuant to a
license no more restrictive than this one.  You must state that your
software was derived from mine.  But, please take credit for your
improvements and blame for your mistakes by making it as clear as possible
what changes you have made.

     Except as provided above, if you do wish to charge for my software or
for any software derived from mine, then you must contact me for prior
permission.  In short, if you're going to ask for money, then we're going
to share in whatever you receive.  That's only fair.

     This software is distributed without warranties of any kind, express
or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

                                                         rpb
                                                       03/11/89

